AUX Website Copy

#HELLO
----------------
Hello, We're AUX
Our mission is to sonify your story, ensuring your brand is heard no matter how loud the world gets.

WHY
----------------
Strategic audio benefits you in the same ways your visual identity does: communicating your brand's values with consistency, differentiating you from your competitors, and enveloping your audience into an experience that is uniquely yours.

Every one of your brand’s touchpoints is a potential moment for your audience to hear your brand's voice.

We believe in sound's ability to evoke passion, loyalty, and inspire people.

HOW
----------------
We start from scratch to build you a modern, thoughtful, and emotionally driven audio aesthetic for your brand. The guidelines we create allow us to easily extend your aesthetic across your brand’s unique experiences.

Together, these branded moments create your audio user experience.

We identify how customers interact with your brand and turn those moments into emotionally charged memorable experiences.

#ABOUT
----------------
Across every medium, platform, and experience, we create inspiring audio that feels intentional.

We are a team of experienced composers, technologists, users, and enthusiasts. We continually audit consumer insights and client feedback to understand where and how sound is successful in today's world.

Our teams process is built from the ground up to be centered around the audio user experience. We operate as an “Auxiliary add-on” to your creative teams to ensure a holistic result.

BRANDING
----------------
We don’t use presets, re-use assets, or lose sight of the competitive landscape and your initiative's unique needs. We start from scratch to build a modern, thoughtful, and emotionally driven audio aesthetic for your brand.

Once we define your brands voice, we work with you to develop the assets you need to make your next marketing campaign as effective as possible. We understand that a brands needs evolve over time and are ready to evolve with you to meet those needs.

MULTIMEDIA
----------------
We adapt our process to fulfill your multimedia audio needs. Our team provides original music composition, sound design, and post production services for film, tv, advertising and video games. Our teams passion and experience allow us to give your story the impact it deserves.

INTERACTIVE
----------------
As users, we understand the effect good sound design can have on the overall user experience of a product. It's not just important for the sound to be interesting, exciting, or unique; but equally important for the sound to make sense from a brand and interaction standpoint.

This is why members of our team are responsible for some of the most recongizble product sounds on the market, working with clients such as Google, Logitech, and Salesforce.


General Inquiries
------------------
If you're an agency, marketing team, filmmaker, developer, or just a creative in need of some of the world's best audio experts, we would love to work with you.

Feel free to drop us a line at any time, we're looking forward to launching your audio user experience.